app/workers/admin_email_worker.rb:1:class AdminEmailWorker
app/workers/authorized_projects_worker.rb:1:class AuthorizedProjectsWorker
app/workers/build_coverage_worker.rb:1:class BuildCoverageWorker
app/workers/build_email_worker.rb:1:class BuildEmailWorker
app/workers/build_finished_worker.rb:1:class BuildFinishedWorker
app/workers/build_hooks_worker.rb:1:class BuildHooksWorker
app/workers/build_queue_worker.rb:1:class BuildQueueWorker
app/workers/build_success_worker.rb:1:class BuildSuccessWorker
app/workers/clear_database_cache_worker.rb:2:class ClearDatabaseCacheWorker
app/workers/delete_merged_branches_worker.rb:1:class DeleteMergedBranchesWorker
app/workers/delete_user_worker.rb:1:class DeleteUserWorker
app/workers/email_receiver_worker.rb:1:class EmailReceiverWorker
app/workers/emails_on_push_worker.rb:1:class EmailsOnPushWorker
app/workers/expire_build_artifacts_worker.rb:1:class ExpireBuildArtifactsWorker
app/workers/expire_build_instance_artifacts_worker.rb:1:class ExpireBuildInstanceArtifactsWorker
app/workers/git_garbage_collect_worker.rb:1:class GitGarbageCollectWorker
app/workers/gitlab_shell_worker.rb:1:class GitlabShellWorker
app/workers/group_destroy_worker.rb:1:class GroupDestroyWorker
app/workers/import_export_project_cleanup_worker.rb:1:class ImportExportProjectCleanupWorker
app/workers/irker_worker.rb:4:class IrkerWorker
app/workers/merge_worker.rb:1:class MergeWorker
app/workers/new_note_worker.rb:1:class NewNoteWorker
app/workers/pages_worker.rb:1:class PagesWorker
app/workers/pipeline_hooks_worker.rb:1:class PipelineHooksWorker
app/workers/pipeline_metrics_worker.rb:1:class PipelineMetricsWorker
app/workers/pipeline_notification_worker.rb:1:class PipelineNotificationWorker
app/workers/pipeline_process_worker.rb:1:class PipelineProcessWorker
app/workers/pipeline_success_worker.rb:1:class PipelineSuccessWorker
app/workers/pipeline_update_worker.rb:1:class PipelineUpdateWorker
app/workers/process_commit_worker.rb:7:class ProcessCommitWorker
app/workers/project_cache_worker.rb:2:class ProjectCacheWorker
app/workers/project_destroy_worker.rb:1:class ProjectDestroyWorker
app/workers/project_export_worker.rb:1:class ProjectExportWorker
app/workers/project_service_worker.rb:1:class ProjectServiceWorker
app/workers/project_web_hook_worker.rb:1:class ProjectWebHookWorker
app/workers/prune_old_events_worker.rb:1:class PruneOldEventsWorker
app/workers/reactive_caching_worker.rb:1:class ReactiveCachingWorker
app/workers/remove_expired_group_links_worker.rb:1:class RemoveExpiredGroupLinksWorker
app/workers/remove_expired_members_worker.rb:1:class RemoveExpiredMembersWorker
app/workers/remove_unreferenced_lfs_objects_worker.rb:1:class RemoveUnreferencedLfsObjectsWorker
app/workers/repository_archive_cache_worker.rb:1:class RepositoryArchiveCacheWorker
app/workers/repository_check/batch_worker.rb:2:  class BatchWorker
app/workers/repository_check/clear_worker.rb:2:  class ClearWorker
app/workers/repository_check/single_repository_worker.rb:2:  class SingleRepositoryWorker
app/workers/repository_fork_worker.rb:1:class RepositoryForkWorker
app/workers/repository_import_worker.rb:1:class RepositoryImportWorker
app/workers/requests_profiles_worker.rb:1:class RequestsProfilesWorker
app/workers/stuck_ci_builds_worker.rb:1:class StuckCiBuildsWorker
app/workers/system_hook_worker.rb:1:class SystemHookWorker
app/workers/trending_projects_worker.rb:1:class TrendingProjectsWorker
app/workers/update_merge_requests_worker.rb:1:class UpdateMergeRequestsWorker
app/workers/use_key_worker.rb:1:class UseKeyWorker
db/migrate/20161124141322_migrate_process_commit_worker_jobs.rb:4:class MigrateProcessCommitWorkerJobs < ActiveRecord::Migration
